F# records are supported under .NET 5.0 (#22310)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/serialization/system-text-json-migrate-from-newtonsoft-how-to.md

<xref:System.Text.Json> doesn't provide built-in support for the following types:

* <xref:System.Data.DataTable> and related types
::: zone pivot="dotnet-5-0"

> * F# types, such as [discriminated unions](../../fsharp/language-reference/discriminated-unions.md). [Record types](../../fsharp/language-reference/records.md) and [anonymous record types](../../fsharp/language-reference/anonymous-records.md) are treated as immutable POCOs and thus are supported. Use a custom converter, possibly from a library, to support other F# types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* F# types, such as [discriminated unions](../../fsharp/language-reference/discriminated-unions.md). [Record types](../../fsharp/language-reference/records.md) and [anonymous record types](../../fsharp/language-reference/anonymous-records.md) are treated as immutable POCOs and thus are supported.
```

> * F# types, such as [discriminated unions](../../fsharp/language-reference/discriminated-unions.md). [Record types](../../fsharp/language-reference/records.md) and [anonymous record types](../../fsharp/language-reference/anonymous-records.md) are treated as immutable POCOs thus are supported. Use [FSharp.SystemTextJson](https://github.com/Tarmil/FSharp.SystemTextJson) for a community-implemented custom converter to support other F# types.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* F# types, such as [discriminated unions](../../fsharp/language-reference/discriminated-unions.md). [Record types](../../fsharp/language-reference/records.md) and [anonymous record types](../../fsharp/language-reference/anonymous-records.md) are treated as immutable POCOs and thus are supported. Use [FSharp.SystemTextJson](https://github.com/Tarmil/FSharp.SystemTextJson) for a community-implemented custom converter to support other F# types.
```

> * F# types, such as [discriminated unions](../../fsharp/language-reference/discriminated-unions.md). [Record types](../../fsharp/language-reference/records.md) and [anonymous record types](../../fsharp/language-reference/anonymous-records.md) are treated as immutable POCOs and thus are supported. Use [FSharp.SystemTextJson](https://github.com/Tarmil/FSharp.SystemTextJson) for a community-implemented custom converter to support other F# types.

Reviewer: In this PR, we should only mention that there is support for F# records, and remove the reference to `FSharp.SystemTextJson`. We shouldn't endorse a particular library in this manner.

Author: Or use the term "a library"?

Reviewer: System.Text.Json maintainers have not used or tested this library. We should not endorse it in public, official documentation.

::: zone-end
::: zone pivot="dotnet-core-3-1"

> * F# types, such as [discriminated unions](../../fsharp/language-reference/discriminated-unions.md), [record types](../../fsharp/language-reference/records.md), and [anonymous record types](../../fsharp/language-reference/anonymous-records.md). Use a custom converter, possibly from a library, to support F# types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* F# types, such as [discriminated unions](../../fsharp/language-reference/discriminated-unions.md), [record types](../../fsharp/language-reference/records.md), and [anonymous record types](../../fsharp/language-reference/anonymous-records.md).
```

> * F# types, such as [discriminated unions](../../fsharp/language-reference/discriminated-unions.md). [Record types](../../fsharp/language-reference/records.md) and [anonymous record types](../../fsharp/language-reference/anonymous-records.md) are treated as immutable POCOs and thus are supported. Use [FSharp.SystemTextJson](https://github.com/Tarmil/FSharp.SystemTextJson) for a community-implemented custom converter to support other F# types.
> ::: zone-end
> ::: zone pivot="dotnet-core-3-1"
> * F# types, such as [discriminated unions](../../fsharp/language-reference/discriminated-unions.md), [record types](../../fsharp/language-reference/records.md), and [anonymous record types](../../fsharp/language-reference/anonymous-records.md). Use [FSharp.SystemTextJson](https://github.com/Tarmil/FSharp.SystemTextJson) for a community-implemented custom converter to support F# types.

Author: ```suggestion
* F# types, such as [discriminated unions](../../fsharp/language-reference/discriminated-unions.md). [Record types](../../fsharp/language-reference/records.md) and [anonymous record types](../../fsharp/language-reference/anonymous-records.md) are treated as immutable POCOs and thus are supported. Use a custom converter, possibly from a library, to support other F# types.
::: zone-end
::: zone pivot="dotnet-core-3-1"
* F# types, such as [discriminated unions](../../fsharp/language-reference/discriminated-unions.md), [record types](../../fsharp/language-reference/records.md), and [anonymous record types](../../fsharp/language-reference/anonymous-records.md). Use a custom converter, possibly from a library, to support F# types.
```
